Clarify RUM header propagator dependency (#38767)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/correlate_with_other_telemetry/apm/_index.md

## How RUM resources are linked to traces

Datadog uses the distributed tracing protocol and sets up the HTTP headers below. By default, both trace context and Datadog-specific headers are used.

> The headers documented below are only added when their corresponding propagator type is active. By default, RUM includes the `datadog` propagator alongside trace context; see [OpenTelemetry support](#opentelemetry-support) above to view or change which propagators are enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog uses the distributed tracing protocol and sets up the following HTTP headers. By default, both trace context and Datadog-specific headers are used.

These headers are added only when their corresponding propagator type is active. By default, RUM includes the `datadog` propagator alongside trace context. See [OpenTelemetry support](#opentelemetry-support) to view or change which propagators are enabled.
```
